
{'What promises that solutions would be found for adjudicating antitrust injury claims?': "It therefore refused to accept as a basis for class certification unproven promises that solutions would be found for adjudicating antitrust injury claims.'", 'Who could 8 See Windham v.?': "Plaintiffs could 8 See, e. g. , Windham v.'", 'What is Richard A. Nagareda?': "See generally Richard A. Nagareda, Class Certification in the Age of Aggregate Proof, 84 N. Y. U.'", 'What have this Court, this Court, and numerous other circuits now firmly rejected?': "this Court, this Court, and numerous other circuits have now firmly rejected that paradigm.'", 'Who does fuel surcharge in re Rail Freight?': "In re Rail Freight Fuel Surcharge Antitrust Litig. , 725 F. 3d 244,253 (D. C. Cir.'", 'What U. S. at 35)?': "2013) (quoting Comcast, 569 U. S. at 35).'", 'Who 569 U. S. at 34?': "Comcast, 569 U. S. at 34.'", 'What is Contemporary class certification practice thus largely?': 'Contemporary class certification practice is thus largely an evaluation of the ``aggregate proof\'\' that purports to permit key issues to be resolved ``in one stroke,\'\' rather than through individualized evidence."', 'What is not?': "Otherwise it is not.'", 'What does a plaintiff that does not even advance a model obviously fail to satisfy?': "A plaintiff that does not even advance a model obviously fails to satisfy these standards.'", 'What did the Third Circuit hold without in Carrera v. Bayer Corp.?': 'Likewise, in Carrera v. Bayer Corp. , the Third Circuit held that a plaintiff cannot satisfy Rule 23 by proposing a method ``without any evidentiary support that a method will be successful.\'\'"', 'What is Monsanto Co.?': "; see also Blades v. Monsanto Co. , 400 F. 3d 562,571 (8th Cir.'", 'What High-Tech Emp In re?': "See, e. g. , In re High-Tech Emp.'", 'What has the requisite integrity to demonstrate class-wide impact?': "2014) (The predominance inquiry is one that requires ``determin (ing) if the proffered expert testimony has the requisite integrity to demonstrate class-wide impact.'", 'Who can obtain class certification just by hiring a competent expert?': 'First, certifying classes on the basis of promises rather than a working model results in an impermissible ``delegation of judicial power to the plaintiffs, who can obtain class certification just by hiring a competent expert.\'\'"', 'What did 552 F. 3d at?': "2010) ; Hydrogen Peroxide, 552 F. 3d at 323.'", 'What is critical because many such models fail when tested?': "Second, scrutiny of actual models is critical because many such models fail when tested.'", 'What is illustrative?': 'The D. C. Circuit\'s decision in Rail Freight is illustrative."', 'What did Rail Freight F. 3d at?': "Rail Freight, 725 F. 3d at 247.'", 'Who offered two, fully realized models with impressive damages estimates, and the district court initially certified the class?': "The plaintiffs offered two, fully realized models with impressive damages estimates, and the district court (applying pre-Comcast legal standards) initially certified the class.'", 'What denied class certification?': "On remand, and after a one-week evidentiary hearing, this Court confirmed the false positives and denied class certification.'", 'Who is Surcharge Antitrust Litig?': "See In re Rail Freight Fuel Surcharge Antitrust Litig. , 292 F. Supp.'", 'What was Comcast?': "In its most recent word on this subject, Comcast, this Court was crystal clear as to the vital role of developed models and rigorous scrutiny in current antitrust class certification practice.'", 'What did a regression model comparing actual cable prices in the Philadelphia DMA with hypothetical prices that would have prevailed calculate for the entire class?': 'a regression model comparing actual cable prices in the Philadelphia DMA with hypothetical prices that would have prevailed calculated damages of $875,576,662 for the entire class.\'\'"', 'Who 569 U. S. at 32?': "Comcast, 569 U. S. at 32.'", 'Where did the lower courts accept a regression model comparing actual cable prices with hypothetical prices that would have prevailed uncritically?': "The lower courts accepted a regression model comparing actual cable prices in the Philadelphia DMA with hypothetical prices that would have prevailed uncritically, which this Court held was legal error.'", 'What is the way class certification proceeds in antitrust litigation today?': "This is the way class certification proceeds in antitrust litigation today, and this Court did exactly what these clear and binding recent this Court precedents required.'", 'What demanded a model that was sufficiently developed to permit rigorous scrutiny?': "this Court demanded a model that was sufficiently developed to permit rigorous scrutiny.'", 'What do plaintiffs quibble with?': 'Plaintiffs quibble with the words this Court used, e. g. , a ``data-driven model.\'\'"', 'Who is Reference Manual?': "See Federal Judicial Center, Reference Manual on Scientific Evidence 48289 (3d ed.'", 'Who 569 U. S. at 33?': "Comcast, 569 U. S. at 33.'", 'What had to be denied?': "Class certification had to be denied.'", 'What Available at?': "12 Available at.'", 'Who argue that less rigorous standards govern class certification in antitrust cases, or alternatively that class certification is somehow presumed in antitrust cases?': "First, Plaintiffs argue that less rigorous standards govern class certification in antitrust cases, or alternatively that class certification is somehow presumed in antitrust cases.'", 'What is wholly without merit in 2019?': "In 2019, this is wholly without merit.'", 'Who cite are simple price-fixing cases where the element of conspiracy dominates?': "Most of the cases Plaintiffs cite are simple price-fixing cases where, on account of the per se rule, the element of conspiracy dominates.'", 'What did now discredited case law suggest that antitrust impact could be presumed in some price-fixing cases. 13 in?': "Early, now discredited case law suggested that antitrust impact could be presumed in some price-fixing cases. 13 However, there has never been a presumption in favor of class certification in monopolization actions such as this case.'", 'What is See?': "See, e. g. , Am.'", "What aff 'd, 271 F. App ` x 138 (3d Cir?": '394,401 (D. Del. 2006), aff \'d, 271 F. App ` x 138 (3d Cir."', 'Who is 400 F. 3d at 572 (roof of conspiracy?': '\') ; Blades, 400 F. 3d at 572 (\'\' (P) roof of conspiracy is not proof of common injury.\'\')"', 'Who was decided 16 years after Amchem?': "Comcast, decided 16 years after Amchem, was an antitrust case, and this Court did not apply a relaxed certification standard.'", 'What Co. U. S. at 234?': 'Express Co. , 570 U. S. at 234 (stating, in an antitrust case, that Rule 23 ``imposes stringent requirements for certification that in practice exclude most claims\'\')."', 'What is Opening Br?': 'Second, Plaintiffs argue that predominance ``is particularly easy to establish in this case,\'\' Opening Br."', 'What did Comcast involve?': "But so was Comcast, which involved cable TV service.'", 'What hinted at more?': "this Court this Court nevertheless identified 36 Case: 18-16016,04/15/2019, ID: 11264768, DktEntry: 28, Page 47 of 70 one fatal error in the proposed common proof, and hinted at more.'", 'What may n. 6 (suggesting damages have varied by)?': "at 38 n. 6 (suggesting damages may have varied by geography).'", 'What has often been denied in comparable monopolization cases?': "And, class certification has often been denied in comparable monopolization cases.'", 'Who is 907 F. 3d at 46?': "See In re Asacol Antitrust Litig. , 907 F. 3d at 46 (monopolization theory under multiple state laws) ; Heerwagen v.'", "Who contend that all of Apple's arguments go to the amount of damages?": '1997). 14 Third, Plaintiffs offer up a diversion, contending that all of Apple\'s arguments go to the amount of damages, an issue that rarely defeats class certification."', 'What do themselves concede?': "Plaintiffs themselves concede this point.'", 'What does Antitrust law follow?': 'Antitrust law follows the common law principle that once ``the fact of damage\'\' has been established by evidence with reasonable certainty, the amount of damages can be estimated by ``just and reasonable inference.\'\'"', 'What Rule 23 rests on the insight not benefit the defendant?': "Rule 23 rests on the insight that once wrongdoing and individual harm have been established, uncertainty about the extent of that harm should (within limits) not benefit the defendant.'", 'What have held that the need for individual damages calculations need not preclude class certification?': "Consequently, many courts have held that the need for individual damages calculations, if not excessively burdensome, need not preclude class certification.'", 'What is 725 F. 3d at 253;?': "See Rail Freight, 725 F. 3d at 253; Brown v.'", 'What had nothing to do with uncertainty regarding the calculation of individual damages amounts?': 'this Court\'s decision had nothing to do with uncertainty regarding the calculation of individual damages amounts."', 'What is 870 F. 3d 1170 (9th Cir?': 'Finally, we note that for the proposition that ``uncertain damages calculations should not defeat class certification,\'\' Plaintiffs cite Lambert v. Nutraceutical Corp. , 870 F. 3d 1170 (9th Cir."', 'What 979 (9th Cir?': "2017), and Pulaski & Middleman, LLC v. Google, Inc. , 802 F. 3d 979 (9th Cir.'", 'What do antitrust cases therefore not address on?': 'antitrust cases therefore do not address what an antitrust plaintiff must do to prove that The Clayton Act\'s requirement of individual injury can be met on a 15 See Harnish v. Widener Univ."', 'What do the antitrust cases require to scrutinize?': "The antitrust cases make that abundantly clear, and The antitrust cases require a working model for this Court to scrutinize.'", "What need not consider in the first instance whether Plaintiffs ' hypothetical damages theories, would support class certification?": 'This Court need not consider in the first instance whether Plaintiffs \' hypothetical damages theories, would support class certification."', "What were plaintiffs ' hypothetical damages theories not developed at?": 'Plaintiffs \' hypothetical damages theories, would support class certification were not developed at all, and the decision below holds only that."', 'What did Apple have?': "Apple had no opportunity to test or respond to a tangible implementation of those theories.'", 'What had no opportunity to conduct the required rigorous scrutiny, or thereafter exercise This Court considerable discretion as to whether to certify a class?': "Likewise, This Court had no opportunity to conduct the required rigorous scrutiny, or thereafter exercise This Court considerable discretion as to whether to certify a class.'", 'What is Page 51?': "There are not different measures of 40 Case: 18-16016,04/15/2019, ID: 11264768, DktEntry: 28, Page 51 of 70 damages, but completely different conceptions of the harm the challenged conduct might produce.'", 'What does the first theory posit?': 'The first theory posits a ``truthfully exclusive\'\' but-for world under which more robust disclosures about AT&T\'s exclusivity would have reduced the initial sale price of the iPhone, thereby making every actual iPhone price supracompetitive."', 'What tries to make this case into something this case has never been rather than the cellular service?': "The first theory tries to make this case into something this case has never been-- one based on the price of the cellular handset rather than the cellular service.'", 'Who refuse to commit to one theory Plaintiffs represent?': "Plaintiffs refuse to commit to one theory, which is remarkable given the diametrically opposite damages conceptions Plaintiffs represent.'", 'Whose Injury Theories Would Require IndividualizedAssessments of Impact?': 'B. Plaintiffs \' Injury Theories Would Require IndividualizedAssessments of Impact and Are Otherwise Flawed Neither of Plaintiffs \' theories, even if actually developed and implemented, would have been capable of establishing classwide impact via common proof."', 'What is a foundational flaw of both theories?': 'A foundational flaw of both theories is the failure to account for what consumers knew about AT&T\'s exclusivity and iPhone unlocking policies, and what AT&T might have done if ``better informed\'\' consumers pushed back."', "What do both of Dr. Warren-Boulton's theories simply assume?": 'Both of Dr. Warren-Boulton\'s theories simply assume that the influence of all of these factors will yield a common impact capable of proof on a classwide basis."', 'Who does not actually study and present conclusions on anything?': "So Dr. Warren-Boulton does not actually study and present conclusions on anything.'", 'Who would have been uniform or discriminatory?': "43 Case: 18-16016,04/15/2019, ID: 11264768, DktEntry: 28, Page 54 of 70 information about exclusivity would have been uniform or discriminatory.'", 'What U. S. at 473?': "504 U. S. at 473.'", 'Who merely assumes?': 'Yet again, Dr. Warren-Boulton merely assumes, incorrectly, that this is not an individualized issue that would thwart class certification and that estimates ``can be made of the harm\'\' using common proof."', 'What cannot be acceptable?': "This cannot be acceptable.'", 'What did plaintiffs need to show for?': "Plaintiffs needed to show that Plaintiffs had solved for these issues-- and with solutions that withstand rigorous scrutiny.'", 'What does each of the theories suffer from?': "Moreover, each of the theories suffers from numerous other flaws, as described below.'", 'What is problematic for numerous reasons-- which likely explain why Plaintiffs never attempted to actually develop The TE Theory into a working model even as a theoretical construct?': "Even as a theoretical construct, this is problematic for numerous reasons-- which likely explain why Plaintiffs never attempted to actually develop The TE Theory into a working model.'", 'What turns Kodak upside-down?': "First, The TE Theory turns Kodak upside-down.'", 'What is that a second, aftermarket purchase might become economically disconnected from the first purchase of a primary product?': 'The justification for an aftermarket as a distinct ``relevant market\'\' is that a second, aftermarket purchase might become economically disconnected from the first purchase (in the ``foremarket\'\') of a primary product."', 'What presumes that the first purchase is at a competitive price?': "The doctrine presumes that the first purchase (here, the iPhone), because The doctrine takes place in a competitive market, is at a competitive price.'", 'What is therefore whether the second purchase was at a monopolistic price?': "The injury question is therefore whether the second purchase was at a monopolistic price (thereby raising systems prices as well).'", 'What is Kodak?': "See Kodak, 504 U. S. at 47273; Digital Equip.'", 'What does the degree of interdependence between iPhone and service pricing that the TE theory presumes defeat under Kodak?': "It is logically impossible to base aftermarket damages on foremarket pricing, because under Kodak the degree of interdependence (or cross-elasticity) between iPhone and service pricing that the TE theory presumes defeats the aftermarket claim.'", 'What was prohibited contractually from charging iPhone users prices greater than those offered to other handset customers?': "AT&T was prohibited contractually from charging iPhone users prices greater than those offered to other handset customers.'", 'What did not differ from service prices during the initial-two year contract period-- prices which were constrained by the vigorous competition AT&T faced from other carriers?': 'And AT&T\'s renewal service pricing did not differ from service prices during the initial-two year contract period-- prices which were constrained by the vigorous competition AT&T faced from other carriers."', 'What just assumes The TE Theory?': "The TE Theory just assumes The TE Theory.'", "What allowed Apple to share in AT&T's monopoly service pricing?": 'Third, The TE Theory is borrowed from iPhone I, which attacked and built an injury theory around the revenue-sharing provisions of the DRSA, which supposedly allowed Apple to share in AT&T\'s monopoly service pricing."', "What was no longer subject to Apple and AT&T's revenue-sharing provision?": 'But every iPhone sold during the class period in this case was no longer subject to Apple and AT&T\'s revenue-sharing provision."', 'What nevertheless assumes that Apple did?': "The TE Theory nevertheless assumes that Apple did.'", 'Who did Dr. Warren-Boulton neglect to consider the valuations of?': "As Dr. Katz explains, Dr. Warren-Boulton neglected to consider the valuations of the marginal consumer, which are the valuations that matter in predicting whether iPhone prices would have been higher or lower in the truthfully-exclusive but-for world.'", 'What also fails to account for innumerable differences in the individual knowledge that would naturally occur among class members?': "The TE Theory also fails to account for innumerable differences in the individual knowledge that would naturally occur among class members.'", "Who would have demanded a cheaper iPhone if customers understood the extent of AT&T's exclusivity?": 'There is nothing to explain whether customers would have demanded a cheaper iPhone if customers understood the extent of AT&T\'s exclusivity, much less whether enough customers would have cared to affect Apple\'s iPhone pricing decisions."', 'What the TE Theory is for?': "The TE Theory The TE Theory is equally flawed, but for different reasons.'", 'What assumes AT&T would have lowered AT&T service prices?': "To begin with, the approaches are inherently incompatible: the first assumes AT&T would have lowered AT&T service prices; the other does not.'", 'Who are also both unreliable?': "They are also both unreliable.'", 'What is the Benchmark Approach unreliable for?': "The Benchmark Approach is unreliable for many reasons, but one in particular stands out.'", 'What simply did not converge once both carriers offered iPhones?': "AT&T and T-Mobile service prices simply did not converge once both carriers offered iPhones.'", 'What is because the AT&T and T-Mobile networks were not of comparable quality?': "That is because the AT&T and T-Mobile networks were not of comparable quality.'", 'What did AT&T enjoy a price premium over T-Mobile because of AT&T substantially greater nationwide coverage and the superior performance of AT&T 3G networks nationally on?': "On all cellphones, and before and after T-Mobile iPhone exclusivity, AT&T enjoyed a price premium over T-Mobile because of AT&T substantially greater nationwide coverage and the superior performance of AT&T 3G networks nationally.'", 'What entirely undermines The TE Theory?': "This uncontroverted evidence entirely undermines The TE Theory.'", "What fails to account for the wide variation in pricing plans available to both AT&T's and AT&T's customers?": 'Further, The Benchmark Approach fails to account for the wide variation in pricing plans available to both AT&T\'s and AT&T\'s customers."', 'What did each carrier offer after the Class period?': '``Before, during, and after the Class period, each carrier offered multiple rate plans that differed from one another along multiple dimensions, including allowances for voice calls, texts, and data.\'\'"', 'What do the Benchmark approach no better?': "The Benchmark Approach fares no better.'", 'What include variations in service prices by locale, as well as differences in cellular network quality by geography?': "Those include variations in service prices by locale, as well as differences in cellular network quality by geography.'", 'What may affirm on any basis supported by the record?': "18 Because Court may affirm on any basis supported by the record, the fundamental mismatch presented here provides an alternative basis for affirmance.'", 'What is F. 3d 995,999 (9th Cir?': "See Zixiang Li v. Kerry, 710 F. 3d 995,999 (9th Cir.'", 'What relied upon by Court)?': '2013) (a court of appeals ``may affirm on any basis supported by the record, whether or not relied upon by Court\'\' (citation omitted) )."', 'What is something that by definition every class members buys?': "It is a damages theory relating to prices for the iPhone itself, which is something that by definition every class members buys, but which Plaintiffs do not claim is a monopolized product.'", 'What does not align with the pleaded or post-summary judgment claims in this case?': "But more simply, this argument does not align with the pleaded or post-summary judgment claims in this case.'", 'What would a claim about iPhone pricing have required different pleadings and different evidence in order to survive the litigation up to?': "A claim about iPhone pricing would have required different pleadings and different evidence in order to survive the litigation up to this point-- none of which has been offered.'", 'What could not possibly be anticompetitive?': "Exclusive arrangements between phone manufacturers and carriers are common, and an exclusive deal for the launch of a new product with zero market share could not possibly be anticompetitive.'", "What does Warren-BoultonAT & T's but-for world does not?": 'Warren-BoultonAT & T\'s ``TNE\'\' but-for world does not, however, even purport to measure the impact of that alleged consumer deception and ``lock in.\'\'"', 'What does not?': "Instead- for world does not, however, even purport to measure the impact of that alleged consumer deception explicitly measures the impact of exclusivity itself.'", "What does plaintiffs ' TNE theory fail to estimate damages stem from the defendant's actions that created the legal liability like?": 'Thus, like their TE theory, Plaintiffs \' TNE theory fails to estimate ``damages stem (ming) from the defendant\'s actions that (allegedly) created the legal liability.\'\'"', 'What is entirely unfounded?': 'Plaintiffs \' request that this case be reassigned on remand is entirely unfounded, and indeed, disingenuous."', 'What guide whether the kind of unusual circumstances warranting reassignment exist?': "Three factors guide whether the kind of unusual circumstances warranting reassignment exist.'", 'What is specious?': "That is specious.'", 'What has provided Plaintiffs with every opportunity to prove Plaintiffs case?': "Since inheriting this litigation from Judge Ware, This Court has been patient, evenhanded and provided Plaintiffs with every opportunity to prove Plaintiffs case.'", 'What has any merit?': "None of these bases has any merit.'", 'What did this Court not express views or findings beyond?': "In denying class certification, This Court did not express views or findings beyond This Court conclusion that the theories presented by Plaintiffs were not developed enough to allow for the rigorous scrutiny required under Rule 23.'", 'What does nothing suggest with?': 'Nothing suggests that This Court would be unable to comply with this This Court\'s mandate on remand should This Court decision be reversed."', 'What is also of no consequence?': 'The district court\'s denial of Plaintiffs \' request for a stay pending this This Court\'s decision on Plaintiffs Rule 23 petition is also of no consequence."', 'What do Rule 23 petitions not automatically stay?': "Rule 23 petitions do not automatically stay proceedings.'", 'What cannot be read to suggest that This Court harbors any particular views that This Court could not set aside on remand?': 'The district court\'s denial of a stay cannot be read to suggest that This Court harbors any particular views that This Court could not set aside on remand."', 'What is also unpersuasive?': 'Plaintiffs \' reliance on this This Court\'s prior decision reversing the dismissal of this action under Rule 12 for failure to AT&T as an indispensable party is also unpersuasive."', 'What should remand be necessary?': 'This Court\'s reversal of an order that This Court had no role in deciding cannot somehow compromise This CourtCourt\'s ability to set aside any prior held views should remand be necessary."', 'What are exceedingly rare?': "Such circumstances are exceedingly rare.'", 'What has diligently shepherded the case toward a final disposition?': "This Court has diligently shepherded the case toward a final disposition.'", 'What has provided Plaintiffs every opportunity to prove Plaintiffs case-- at every juncture?': "This Court has provided Plaintiffs every opportunity to prove Plaintiffs case-- at every juncture.'", "What belies Plaintiffs ' contention that reassignment is necessary to preserve the appearance of justice?": 'This even-handed treatment belies Plaintiffs \' contention that reassignment is necessary to preserve the appearance of justice."', 'What is Plaintiffs who submitted an 11-page initial expert report that was devoid of actual analysis?': "And while they fault This Court for the brevity of This Court subsequent opinion, This Court is Plaintiffs who submitted an 11-page initial expert report that was devoid of actual analysis.'", "What was a result of The district court's inability to subject Plaintiffs ' declaration to rigorous scrutiny own failure-- not the court's?": 'This Court Court\'s inability to subject Plaintiffs \' declaration to rigorous scrutiny was a result of The district court\'s inability to subject Plaintiffs \' declaration to rigorous scrutiny own failure-- not the court\'s."', 'What Would C. Reassignment Be Wasteful and Duplicative would far outweigh any benefit?': "C. Reassignment Would Be Wasteful and Duplicative The waste and duplication that would result from reassigning this protracted litigation would far outweigh any benefit.'", 'What has shepherded This Court through a motion to dismiss?': 'This Court is deeply familiar with this caseCourt\'s complicated factual and procedural history and has shepherded This Court through a motion to dismiss, a motion for summary judgment, discovery, and a ruling on class certification."', "What is plaintiffs ' request?": 'Plaintiffs \' request is merely an attempt to have another go with a different district court in hopes of a different outcome."', 'What falls far short of what is required to justify reassignment on remand?': "That falls far short of what is required to justify reassignment on remand.'", 'What requires a "rigorous analysis\'\' that invariably will entail some overlap with the merits of the plaintiff\'s underlying claim?': 'This is a strict standard, and This requires a ``rigorous analysis\'\' that invariably will ``entail some overlap with the merits of the plaintiff\'s underlying claim.\'\'"', 'What must be able to "see the model in action\'\' instead of operating solely on "plaintiff\'s assurances it will be effective?': 'A district court must be able to ``see the model in action\'\' instead of operating solely on ``plaintiff\'s assurances (that) it will be effective.\'\'"', 'What must 10 Rail Freight, 725 F. 3d at 252 ("The plaintiffs\'\' also show?': "10 Rail Freight, 725 F. 3d at 252 (``The plaintiffs must also show that The plaintiffs can prove, through common evidence, that all class members were in fact injured by the alleged conspiracy.'", 'What exacerbates the circularity inherent in justifying class certification "by reference to evidence that presupposes the aggregate unit whose legitimacy this Court is to determine?': 'This exacerbates the circularity inherent in justifying class certification ``by reference to evidence that presupposes-- at least as a matter of economic or statistical methodology-- the aggregate unit whose legitimacy this Court is to determine.\'\'"', 'What can 198 ("Knowledge not be determined on?': '198,202 (W. D. Tex. 2004) (``Knowledge is highly individualistic and cannot be determined on a classwide basis. \'\'\'"', 'What would be "a fact-intensive inquiry that must be conducted at the individual level?': 'As Dr. Katz notes, such an inquiry would be ``a fact-intensive inquiry that must be conducted at the individual level.\'\'"', 'What is not a reliable way to "determin whether any iPhone customer suffered harm?': 'The Benchmark Approach is not a reliable way to ``determin (e) whether any iPhone customer suffered harm, let alone that all iPhone customers suffered the same harm.\'\'"', 'Who agreed that "the extension of exclusivity into the Renewal Service Period would not have been anticompetitive or unlawful\'\'?': 'Dr. Warren-Boulton agreed that ``the extension of exclusivity into the Renewal Service Period, by exclusivity and with full information to purchasers,\'\' would not have been anticompetitive or unlawful."', 'What exist only where "This Court has exhibited personal bias requiring recusal from a case\'\' or in other "unusual circumstances?': 'Such circumstances exist only where ``This Court has exhibited personal bias requiring recusal from a case\'\' or in other ``unusual circumstances.\'\'"', 'What must Reassignment also not "entail waste and duplication out of proportion to?': 'Reassignment must also not ``entail waste and duplication out of proportion to any gain in preserving the appearance of fairness.\'\'"', 'What Has Not Been Compromised Reassignment is also not necessary to preserve the "appearance of justice?': 'The Appearance of Justice Has Not Been Compromised Reassignment is also not necessary to preserve the ``appearance of justice.\'\'"'}